name: Yun Zhou
id: 300442776

I am using python for this assignment, so program.zip and source.zip are the same.

First of all, all 5 parts are located in their own folder, which means you can find the source code under each directory.


# Part 1 

For part 1, you can run the following commands :
- cd p1 && python p1.py
- cd .. 
There is also a p1.ipynb jupyter notebook file for you to look at the result directly.

# Part 2

For part 2, you can run the following commands :
- cd p2 && python p2.py
- cd .. 
There is also a p2.ipynb jupyter notebook file for you to look at the result directly.

# Part 3

For part 3, you can run the following commands :
- cd p3 && python p3.py
- cd .. 
There is also a p3.ipynb jupyter notebook file for you to look at the result directly.
In addition, there are lots of pdf files which contain the GP tree structure of each of the 5 runs. Due to the GP programs with run seed 1 yield the best result, I have discussed it and put it in my report. If you think it is necessary, feel free to look at these pdf files.

# Part 4

For part 4, it is a bit complicated and there are no ipynb notebook files.
- cd p4/IDGP
- python p4.py f1
  - To save your time, the output named log_f1.out is included, please just read it instead of running the command. 
- python p4.py f2
  - To save your time, the output named log_f2.out is included, please just read it instead of running the command. 
- python p4_2.py 
  - To save your time, the output named p4_2.out is included, please just read it instead of running the command. 
p4.py is for 4.1 Automatic Feature Extraction through GP, 
and p4_2.py is for 4.2 Image Classification Using Features Extracted by GP

In addition, several other output files are also included, and they are generated by running python p4.py f1 && python p4.py f2 
They are tree_f1.pdf, tree_f2.pdf, train_f1.csv, train_f2.csv, test_f1.csv, test_f2.csv. 


# Part 5

For part 5, I have configured the YAML file required by ZOO-RL, and the results are stored under the log directory. That is, p5/logs/CartPole-v1 directory. Please just look at the log directory. 

For the draw




If you still want to run, it is a bit complicated as you need to set up teh virtuiral environment and install the dependencies, which is inspired from https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-setup-virtual-environments-in-python/.

Commands are : 
- cd p5
- pip install virtualenv
- python3.8 -m venv aiml
- source env/bin/activate
- pip freeze > requirements.txt
- pip install -r requirements.txt
- python3 run_rl.py --log --seed 3